In the previous sessions we worked on refectoring the code for corrent multithreading support. These changes were based on the work done in this folder "C.\CC-Test\CC-Test-Integration-Notes.md" these changes seem to work, however there is a problem with the ConsumableLedger (CL) app. As the current app is polling for the results it is getting results with the value of 'actualExpenditure = 0'. This is a bug of the CL that is being fixed.
After much consideration I have realized that the current approach in 'print_order_web (POW)' should be refactored again. One of the main goals of this project is to protect the user from experiencing blockchain activity or interactions. Additionally as we prepare for the possibility of 'offline transaction handling' we should disconnect the need for - and the reporting of - transaction results. The CL developer wrote this 'Submit a transaction job, then, right after that, send a single request for the status.
If the 'final' item is false, that indicates that the job has been submitted, but not yet ready.
There is no need to wait for the results, the main app can proceed with what it needs to do, and start the polling cycle when it can't go on without the transaction results.'
We can and should go on without transaction results, we should allow for transactions to take as long as necessary to be processed, consider the lower cost of high priority Solana transaction fees.
The currrent implementation waits for a final result and then displays the transactions in a UI list element. This certainly does not protect the user from blockchain and it is causing problems. For the current project you should refactor this code and remove the need to wait for final transaction results. This should be replaced with a simple message that would be just for the purpose of the demonstration nature of this project. Something like | This transaction has been submitted for blockchain processing - there is no need to bother the user with this as it will reflect in the consumable balances soon! |. This message would replace the current list element and be present with the Submit New Job button object.
Please think deeply about this refactoring project and suggest the plan of changes to realize it, give your plan in easy to understand English and wait for my approval.